Cw3 spec (#90)
CosmWasm/cosmwasm-plus: packages/cw3/README.md

- Token weighted voting. People lock tokens in a contract 
  for voting rights. There is a vote threshold to execute 
  messages. The voting set is dynamic. This has a similar
  "propose, approve, execute" flow, but we will need to 
  support clear YES/NO votes and quora not just absolute 
  thresholds.

The common denominator is that they allow you to propose
arbitrary `CosmosMsg` to a contract, and allow a series
of votes/approvals to determine if it can be executed,
as well as a final step to execute any approved proposal once.

## Base

The following interfaces must be implemented for all cw3
contracts

### Messages

`Propose{title, description, msgs, expires}` - This accepts 
`Vec<CosmosMsg>` and creates a new proposal. This will return
an auto-generated ID in the `Data` field (and the logs) that
can be used to reference the proposal later. You can specify
an expiration time/height in Propose, but this may be set 
automatically by the contract (overriding or just enforcing
min/max/default values).
 
Many implementations will want to restrict who can propose.
Maybe only people in the voting set. Maybe there is some
deposit to be made along with the proposal. This is not

> in the spec but left open to the implementation.

Author: Should I specify that Propose does not include a yes vote from the sender if applicable?
Specify that it does only if the proposer is in the valid voter set?
Or leave it unspecified?

I'd like to specify this, as then wallets know if they need to propose and vote, or just propose.

> in the spec but left open to the implementation.

Reviewer: I think it is clean to make propose and vote two messages. It would be nice if they could be sent in one tranaction, but then we can't rely on execution data. However, this would work with client-side generated IDs.

> in the spec but left open to the implementation.

Author: I defined it as the first in the README

`Vote{proposal_id, vote}` - Given a proposal_id, you can
vote yes, no, abstain or veto. Many contracts (like typical 
multisig with absolute threshold) may consider veto and 
abstain as no and just count yes votes. Contracts with quora
may count abstain towards quora but not yes or no for threshold.
Some contracts may give extra power to veto rather than a
simple no, but this may just act like a normal no vote.

`Execute{proposal_id}` - This will check if the voting
conditions have passed for the given proposal. If it has
succeeded, the contracts is marked as `Executed` and the
messages are dispatched. If the messages fail (eg out of gas),
this is all reverted and can be tried again later with
more gas.

`Close{proposal_id}` - This will check if the voting conditions
have failed for the given proposal. If so (eg. time expired
and insufficient votes), then the proposal is marked `Failed`.
This is not strictly necessary, as it will only act when
it is impossible the contract would ever be executed,
but can be triggered to provide some better UI.

### Queries

`Proposal{proposal_id}` - Returns the information set when

> creating the contract, along with the current status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creating the proposal, along with the current status.
```

`ListProposals{start_after, limit}` - Returns the same info
as `Proposal`, but for all proposals along with pagination.
Starts at proposal_id 1 and accending. 

`ReverseProposals{start_before, limit}` - Returns the same info
as `Proposal`, but for all proposals along with pagination.
Starts at latest proposal_id and descending. (Often this
is what you will want for a UI)

`Vote{proposal_id, voter}` - Returns how the given 
voter (HumanAddr) voted on the proposal. (May be null)

`ListVotes{proposal_id, start_after, limit}` - Returns the same info

> as `Proposal`, but for all proposals along with pagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `Vote`, but for all votes along with pagination.
```
